# Bogos Binted?

One thing I find frustrating about poetry is that it can be endlessly ambiguous and open to interpretation. While this is powerful in that it allows individuals to react to pieces of poetry uniquely, sometimes I want nothing more than to know a poem's intended meaning. My art is a satirical take on the ambiguity of poetry - the words of my poem simply have no intended meaning. Taken from a meme I found deep on social media months ago, my "poem" begins reasonably, but quickly becomes nonsensical. It then repeats over and over again to further emphasize this nonsense. No matter how long you think about it, how long you ponder the words, no meaning ever takes form. For me, this is rather refreshing, as the complexities and intricate literary devices of more traditional poetry quickly give me headaches.  
  
## Structure
While my poem's words don't have meaning, I did supply some artistic structure to help indicate that this poem takes the form of a short conversation. The source meme from which the words are taken is a static image of a screenshot between two people texting. I chose to make this conversation a bit more dynamic by associating color and style with each speaker. Each speaker is randomly assigned a background color while their words are displayed, to help emphasize that there are two different voices speaking. The background colors are reassigned with each cycle of the poem, but the two speakers will never have the same background color in any cycle. Similarly, the speakers' text is presented in a different style to connote different personalities. Speaker 1's words display character-by-character, as if they are being texted out individually. This simple yet familiar manner of displaying text conveys a more rational and logical Speaker 1. Speaker 2, however, is the opposite. Speaker 2's words fly in from the unexpected side of the screen, traveling right to left. They present much more chaotically, contributing to the nonsense that Speaker 2 introduces. Additionally, Speaker 2's words flicker quickly, giving a sense of instability and confusion. This is actually a bug that I spent a good amount of time trying to fix, until I realized that it matches Speaker 2's persona quite nicely.

## Challenges
One challenge I had in completing this assignment was debugging. I wanted to actively know the states of many variables, like letter positions and selected colors, but the Arduino IDE doesn't allow for typical C-style printing. I had to figure out how to set up serial monitoring through the IDE, which then allowed me to see the variables I was interested in. Another challenge I had was screen flickering. While I intentially chose to allow this to happen because it supports Speaker 2's persona, I know that screen flickering occurs because I am attempting to write pixels to certain parts of the screen too frequently.  

## Video
Click [here](https://youtu.be/FUoAXGsg0EE) to see Bogos Binted in action!
